 My name is ______ and I am from India. As you may know that our country is a poor country. As a student i do not have any special source of income But things get even worse when you are a student the college fee is very high and takes away most of the money i have Sometimes i even have to borrow money from my parents when i can barely manage my daily needs . It's really impossible for me to pay for this course. Financial Aid will help me take this certificate without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. I want to take this certificate Coursera as it will help me in my career and help me get a good job for a better future .I can barely feed myself and pay for a dorm with the money i have . For me it seems impossible to pay for the certificate by myself. My parents can't help me much .I would say the main reason I ' m asking you for the Financial Aid is that i really want the certificate for my career but i just can't afford it because of my financial condition . Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of job opportunities , which in turn will help me in my career . I really wanted to take this certificate but couldn't afford it hence i decided to apply for financial aid the financial aid will help me take the certificate and it would be really  really helpful for my future.


From my childhood i have always been very interested in learning more about computers and how they work. I chose my specialty as well my future job based on my interest which happens to be deep learning as i am really fascinated by deep learning and how it enables computers to perform seemingly impossible tasks. I strongly believe that making your job a hobby will allow you to reach to a very high place. This believe has helped me a lot during my studying and I hope will help in future. As I have already mentioned I make my specialty to be my hobby (and vice versa). I'm really interested in taking the deeplearning.ai specialization, since this is one of the topics which I will face in future when I am employed on full time basis as a Deep Learning specialist. Taking this course would really help me learn more about deep learning and neural networks and thus i would be able to make a career in deep learning
