# Coursera-FinancialAid

**please give me a star if this repo helped you**

**How much can you afford to pay?**
My name is ________ and I am from <Your_Country> . As you may know that our country belongs to a very poor countries . As a student i do not have any special source of income  But things get even worse when you are a student .I live only for my scholarship (5000 Inr or about $65 per month). It's really impossible for me to pay for this course. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. I want to take this course as I want to complete the Deep learning.ai Specialization on Coursera . I can barely feed myself and pay for a dorm with the money i have . For me it seems impossible to pay for an entire course by myself . My parent neither can help me . I would say the main reason I ' m asking you for the Financial Aid is the circumstances due to which I happened to born in a very beautiful country – India . Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of the world of Coursera courses , which in turn will help me in future . I really wanted to take this specialization but couldn't afford it hence i decided to apply for financial aid
the financial aid will help me take the course and i will be able to learn more about deep learning

**How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?**
From my childhood i have  always been very interested in learning more about computers and how they work.  I chose my specialty as well my future job based on my interest which happens to be deep learning as i am really fascinated by deep learning and how it enables computers to perform seemingly impossible tasks. I strongly believe that making your job a hobby will allow you to reach to a very high place. This believe has helped me a lot during my studying and I hope will help in future. As I have already mentioned I make my specialty to be my hobby (and vice versa). I'm really interested in taking the deeplearning.ai specialization, since this is one of the topics which I will face in future when I am employed on full time basis as a Machine Learning specialist. Taking this course would really help me learn more about deep learning and neural networks .
